Keep your voice down. Support's on the way
What responsibility?
Boss, there are police outside
Brothers, the police are here, run away
Run through the back door
Boss, I'm waiting for you outside, bro
They ran out the back door
Arrest quickly
So you're undercover for the police
Little Junior Sister, long time no see!
I just heard someone call you wife.
Did you get the seven violins back?
Miss Shen, listen to my explanation
Me, so you've been lying to me these days.
Really? I didn't lie to you.
I oops my feet are soft
It's so mushy to talk about love
suqiao
You lied to me again.
Are you still angry?
I didn't lie to you.
I got my passion back.
I thought I was interested in you
Afraid that my feelings for you will be mixed with other things
But I'm pretty sure now
I like you.